update README (#10)
0xcatalysis/catalysis-blog: README.md

# Catalysis Network Blog

> Official blog site for Catalysis Network, built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS. This blog highlights Catalysis Network's partnerships, technological advancements, and insights about Actively validating services/networks and shared security abstraction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Official blog site for Catalysis Network, built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS. This blog highlights Catalysis Network's partnerships, technical updates and insights about AVSs/Networks and Catalysis Security Abstraction Layer.
```

## Features

- Modern, responsive design
- MDX support for blog posts
- SEO optimized
- Tag-based categorization for blog posts
- Dark/light mode support

## Steps to Run Locally

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash

>    git clone <repository-url>

Reviewer: replace repo url with https://github.com/0xcatalysis/catalysis-blog
